Some minor tweaks (#23150)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/containers/local-dev.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Local Dev
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

> ## Local Development

Reviewer: Feels like something in getting started should reference?

> ## Local Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-23 at 11 20 29 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ec83b1ef-f059-4cc5-859f-c0b72c224b48" />

Already has title above?

the `image` attribute to a local path, the image will be built using the local Dockerfile.
If the `image` attribute is set to a URL, the image will be pulled from the associated registry.

Container instances will be launched locally when your Worker code calls to create
a new container. This may happen when calling `.get()` on a `Container` instance or
by calling `start()` if `manualStart` is set to `true`. Wrangler will
boot new instances and automatically route requests to the correct local container.

When `wrangler dev` stops, all associated container instances are stopped, but
local images are not removed, so that they can be reused in subsequent calls to
`wrangler dev` or `wrangler deploy`.

:::note
If your Worker app creates many container instances, you may hit local limits
on concurrent containers.

Additionally, if you regularly rebuild containers locally, you may want to clear
out old container images (using `docker image prune` or similar) to reduce disk used.
:::

## Iterating on Container code

When using `wrangler dev`, standard Worker code is automatically reloaded by wrangler you save a change,
but code running within the container is not.

> If you wish to rebuild your container with new code changes, you can hit the `[r]` key on your keyboard, and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rebuild your container with new code changes, you can hit the `[r]` key on your keyboard, which
```

> rebuild will be triggered. Instances will be restarted with the new images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
triggers a rebuild. Container instances will then be restarted with the newly built images.
```

> You may prefer to set up your code watchers and reloading mechanisms, or mount a local directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may prefer to set up your own code watchers and reloading mechanisms, or mount a local directory
```
